townsmeetownsquareroom1718810057.png!!!You are in the town square of the Town of Smee.  It's a large open cobblestone area with a bronze water fountain.  The fountain is in the shape of a menacing bear with its arms raised at you.  A stream of water is spewing from the bears mouth in a small arc.  There's a festive feeling to the area and people and wagons bustle in all directions.
townsmeetownsquareroom1718810692.png!!!You are in the town square of the Town of Smee.  It's a large open cobblestone area with a bronze water fountain.  The fountain is in the shape of a menacing bear with its arms raised at you.  A stream of water is spewing from the bears mouth in a small arc.  There's a festive feeling to the area and people and wagons bustle in all directions. It's pouring rain.
townsmeetownsquareroom1718810979.png!!!You are in the town square of the Town of Smee.  It's a large open cobblestone area with a bronze water fountain.  The fountain is in the shape of a realistic menacing polar bear with its arms raised at you.  Water jets from the bears mouth in a small arc.  There's a festive feeling to the area and people and wagons bustle in all directions. It's pouring rain.
townsmeetownsquareroom1718811726.png!!!You are in the town square of the Town of Smee.  It's a large open cobblestone area with a bronze water fountain.  The fountain is in the shape of a realistic menacing polar bear with its arms raised at you.  Water jets from the bears mouth in a small arc.  There's a festive feeling to the area and people and wagons bustle in all directions. Lightning is striking all around you. The sound of thunder is all-consuming.
townsmeemoonroadwest1room1718811781.png!!!You are on one of the main thoroughfare of Illisurom running East and West directions.  The street is broad, allowing for two wagons to pass each other. Lightning is striking all around you. The sound of thunder is all-consuming.
townsmeeinnroom1718811793.png!!!You find yourself within a majestic inn.  A worn, well-kept fireplace burned softly in the corner.  There's a shelf with a small assortment of books and a prized map of the town and surrounding area stands on display but it is sealed behind glass to prevent touching. Lightning is striking all around you. The sound of thunder is all-consuming.
townsmeearmouryroom1718812392.png!!!You are in the town armoury. An assortment of swords, shields, and armor are on display. A prominent case displays a beautifully crafted broadsword with a leather bound hilt. A halberd rests against the side wall. Lightning is striking all around you. The sound of thunder is all-consuming.
townsmeearmouryroom1718812498.png!!!You are in the town armoury. A prominent case displays a beautifully crafted broadsword with a leather bound hilt. An assortment of swords, shields, and armor are on display along the walls. Lightning is striking all around you. The sound of thunder is all-consuming.
townsmeeinnsecondfloorroom1718812621.png!!!You are on the second floor of the inn. Rooms line the hallway. Lightning is striking all around you. The sound of thunder is all-consuming.
